annot: cut through the core of the cabbage into half
ACTID: 0
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the core of the cabbage (-1)
[PP, other, into] half (-1)
annot: remove the tough core
ACTID: 1
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the tough core (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: dice the cabbage
ACTID: 2
PRED: dice
[DOBJ, food] the cabbage (1)
annot: Put the cabbage into a pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the cabbage (2)
[PP, location, into] a pan (-1)
annot: add diced potatoes
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] diced potatoes (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: cover it with water
ACTID: 5
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] it (4)
[PP, food, with] water (-1)
annot: bring it up to a boil
ACTID: 6
PRED: bring
[DOBJ, food] it (5)
[PP, other, to] a boil (-1)
annot: after cooking drain the potatoes and cabbage
ACTID: 7
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (6), cabbage (6)
annot: in the same pot melt some butter
ACTID: 8
PRED: melt
[DOBJ, food] some butter (-1)
[PP, location, in] the same pot (7)
annot: toss in some diced onions
ACTID: 9
PRED: toss
[DOBJ, food] some diced onions (-1)
[PP, food, in] (8)
annot: pour some warm milk into the pot
ACTID: 10
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] some warm milk (-1)
[PP, food, into] the pot (9)
annot: Add some green onions
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some green onions (-1)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: add the cooked cabbage and potatoes
ACTID: 12
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the cooked cabbage (7), potatoes (7)
[PP, food, ] (11)
annot: smash all the ingredients
ACTID: 13
PRED: smash
[DOBJ, food] all the ingredients (12)
annot: Serve along with meat
ACTID: 14
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (13)
[PP, food, with] meat (-1)